In today's "post-Snowden" age is nothing unusual if people are concerned about the security of electronic
communication. And it came to pass that the paranoid mistrust of existing tools for skrivnopisje succumbed to the
France and Ferdo, so are you planning on my own conversion process clean copy of Crypto. To carry out encryption
we need some text to be agreed prior to the exchange secret messages, and serves as the encryption key. On
Using this text and the desired message then the process of creating their own encryption Crypto, which can be
exchange over a public communication infrastructure without fear that someone failed to read the hidden message. In fact,
in this regard is likely to interfere, but it's us in this task do not care.

The encryption process

Assume that both France and Ferdo agreed that the encryption key the same stanza poem "Ring, Ring of paradise":

ringa ringa raja
muca pa nagaja
kuža pa priteče
pa vse na tla pomeče

If you would like to send France Ferdu secret message (such as "river"), it must be written in the form of initials lines, etc.
as another France wrote a sonnet its way to the initials of the sonnet form the name of his love. Since then, our
France and Ferdo with honors Slovenian primary task, to them it is clear that this method of concealment is not very effective,
France therefore our hiding a little complicated. A few lines (0 or more) necessary for the formation of initials finds in the text
encryption key. When this is the case a simple rule: if the letter am in the message in front of an letter, then must also
row with the initial of the letter in question, referred to as the encryption key located before the row with the initial of the letter
an. France would be, for example, the letters r and the chosen first and third line of the encryption key:

ringa ringa raja
muca pa nagaja
kuža pa priteče
pa vse na tla pomeče

The rest - the missing letter of the message presented to the appropriate places in the text encryption key added a new line
with appropriate initials. In this case again, the previously described simple rules. Modified encryption key after that
step may look like for example (bold letters indicate oblique lines added):

ringa ringa raja
ena miš prihaja
muca pa nagaja
kuža pa priteče
pa vse na tla pomeče
avto ima blatnike bleščeče


At the end of France as amended text encryption key deletes all rows that represent the letters of the hidden
messages and are part of the original encryption key, but leave those rows that do not represent the letters of the hidden messages, and those
line, which has added to the text encryption key. Thus, twice as amended text encryption key represents
encrypted message sent by France Ferdu. In this case, it would be an encrypted message by:

ena miš prihaja
muca pa nagaja
pa vse na tla pomeče
avto ima blatnike bleščeče

Decryption process

Ferdo wants to read the secret message. Available to the original encryption key and the encrypted message received. It must find a
lines that were izbisane from the text of the original encryption key and must find lines that have been added to the text
encryption key. Initials of deleted and added lines in sequence, as are the (revised) encryption
key, representing the secret message. Ferdo can not determine the order of some lines if they were new lines
just added to the site erased. In this case an agreement to appear first deleted and then added to the line.
Task
Write a program in C programming language, on the basis of the encryption key and decrypt the encrypted procedure described
message.
80% of reviews:
To make the task a little easier, you can for four of the five test cases when evaluating solutions assume that the lines
the encryption key including fortification lines differ.
20% of the estimate (demanding test case)
In one of the test cases in the evaluation of the solution will not be taken into account the above restrictions on the rows and the
also contain lines that occur repeatedly. Whereas, in this case the solution more subject to an arrangement that is the correct one to
at least deleted and added lines (optimal solution). You can assume that the sender is sure that
there is only one optimal solution, but if it is more, then, any of them correctly. Tip for demanding example:
description of Unix / Linux tools diff and description of the algorithm for finding the longest common subsequences (LCS).
Input and output data
The encryption key is written in a file whose name is given as the first argument when starting the program. The encrypted message is
reads in a file whose name is given as the second argument when starting the program. The number of lines in each file
is greater than or equal to 0 and less than 1000. individual rows shorter than 100 characters. The program should decrypted message
written to the file whose name is given as the third argument when starting the program. Decrypted message complete with one
sign for the transition to a new line ('\ n').
Examples
In addition to the situations described above are set out below are three examples.

Encryption key: 

Encryption key:           Crypto:             Cleartext:
riba je                   nema                reka
nema                      kot nič
ena ni                    petelin kikirika
kot nič                   ladja pluje
kokoš kokodaka
petelin kikirika
avto vozi
ladja pluje

Encryption key:           Crypto:             Cleartext:
kot nič                   riba je             reka
nema                      nema
petelin kikirika          ena ni
ladja pluje               kot nič 
                          kokoš kokodaka
                          petelin kikirika
                          avto vozi
                          ladja pluje
                          
Encryption key:           Crypto:             Cleartext:
m                         m                   muha
m                         u 
n                         n
h                         m
m                         a


